README.md, before:

# pre-commit hooks for Swimm

Utilizing [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/), you can enable Swimm checks to run prior to the review cycle. In order to get started, you'll need to [install pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#install) (pip, brew and other methods are available). 

Secondly, put the following contents into `.pre-commit-config.yaml` in the root of your repository (create it if needed):

```
repos:
  - repo: https://github.com/swimmio/pre-commit
    rev: v0.3 # (Check release tags for the latest release, currently v0.3)
    hooks:
      - id: swimm-verify # Verifies documentation is in sync
      - id: swimm-export # Exports to markdown (optional)
```

If you already have a `.pre-commit-config.yaml` file, add the swimm checks as a new `- repo` section, wherever you'd like them to run. Note that if you have failure mode set to fast, no other checks will run if documentation can't be verified, so we recommend adding Swimm as the last (or close to last) check. 

Please report bugs to Tim Post <tim@swimm.io> or here on GH.

Commit message:

Update README with a note about needing WSL on Windows for now.

README.md, after:

# pre-commit hooks for Swimm

Utilizing [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/), you can enable Swimm checks to run prior to the review cycle. In order to get started, you'll need to [install pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#install) (pip, brew and other methods are available). 

Secondly, put the following contents into `.pre-commit-config.yaml` in the root of your repository (create it if needed):

```
repos:
  - repo: https://github.com/swimmio/pre-commit
    rev: v0.3 # (Check release tags for the latest release, currently v0.3)
    hooks:
      - id: swimm-verify # Verifies documentation is in sync
      - id: swimm-export # Exports to markdown (optional)
```

If you already have a `.pre-commit-config.yaml` file, add the swimm checks as a new `- repo` section, wherever you'd like them to run. Note that if you have failure mode set to fast, no other checks will run if documentation can't be verified, so we recommend adding Swimm as the last (or close to last) check. 

Note: The hooks are currently implemented as bash scripts; Windows users need to run WSL in order to use them for now. I'm planning to do it agnostically just with Python in the near future.

If you create any new hooks, feel free to send a PR over.

Please report bugs to Tim Post <tim@swimm.io> or here on GH.
